Baked Ravioli
5 from 60 votes
Prep:
5minutes minutes
Cook:
40minutes minutes
Total:
50minutes minutes
Servings
6
Calories
398 kcal
Author: Blair Lonergan
Assemble this ravioli casserole with frozen ravioli and pop it straight into the oven!
Rate Recipe
Print Recipe
Equipment
9×13 inch baking dish
Ingredients
  
1x
2x
3x
24 ounce package frozen cheese ravioli
24 ounce jar marinara sauce (about 2 ½ cups)
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese or Italian cheese blend
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese
Optional garnish: chopped fresh herbs such as parsley, basil, oregano, or thyme
Instructions
Preheat oven to 400°F. Spray a 9-inch by 13-inch baking dish (or two 8-inch dishes) with cooking spray. Pour a very thin layer of marinara sauce into the prepared baking dish to cover bottom (about ½ cup).
A thin layer of marinara in the bottom of a white baking dish.
Arrange half of the frozen ravioli in a single layer over the sauce.
Process shot showing how to assemble ravioli casserole.
Top with half of the remaining marinara sauce and half of the mozzarella cheese.
Adding the sauce and cheese layers to a ravioli casserole.
Repeat layers once more, starting with ravioli. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese on top.
Ravioli casserole before it goes in the oven.
Cover the dish with aluminum foil. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and bake, uncovered, until hot and bubbly, about 20-25 more minutes. Let the dish stand for about 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with chopped fresh parsley or basil, if desired.
Horizontal overhead shot of a baked ravioli casserole in a white dish.
Notes
Make Ahead: You can prep this dinner in advance and keep it stashed in the freezer until you’re ready to bake it! To do so, simply follow the recipe instructions through step 2 (use a freezer-to-oven safe dish). Cover tightly with foil and freeze the unbaked casserole for up to 3 months. When you’re ready to serve it, pull it out of the freezer and bake as instructed. Add a few extra minutes to the cooking time if necessary.
Recipe modified from Tasty Kitchen.
